README.md, before:

## TRPC API with Reactjs Consumer all of them with TypeScript

API Rest with the these operations
* GET
* POST
* DELETE

It's fully functional persisting data in mongodb database

### 🛠 &nbsp;This project uses the following technologies:

* NodeJS
* Express
* @trpc/server
* mongoose
* zod
* dotenv 
* ts-node-dev ...

### Run this project in your local machine
> clone this repository, you need git installed in your machine ¡ how to install link [![GIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=red)](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git)
>> In your local machine open some cmd, bash etc command line tool. Located where you will have your local repository. You can navigate with cd somepath/mydirectory etc.
```bash
git glone https://github.com/raulcv/trpc-todo.git
```

>> Enter to your  local repository created with git clone
```bash
cd trpc-todo 
```

> Install NPM Dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

>> Enter to your  local repository created with git clone
```bash
cd trpc-todo 
```

>> create a .env or you can created it manually into your project folder
```bash
touch .env
```
Into .env file copy from envtext.txt file included, and change with your credentials

Finally run the tRPC API on dev mode 🤪
```bash
npm run dev
```
Open your browser and type localhost:3000/

#
<p align="center">
	With :heart: by <a href="https://www.raulcv.com" target="_blank">raulcv</a>
</p>

#
<h3 align="center">🤗 If you found helpful this repo, let me a star  or ... 🐣</h3>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/iraulcv" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/default-orange.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" height="41" width="174"></a>
</p>

Commit message:

Readme for backend and frontend

README.md, after:

## TRPC API with Reactjs Consumer all of them with TypeScript

API Rest with the these operations
* GET
* POST
* DELETE

It's fully functional persisting data in mongodb database

### 🛠 &nbsp;This project uses the following technologies:

* NodeJS
* Express
* @trpc/server
* mongoose
* zod
* dotenv 
* ts-node-dev ...

### Run this project in your local machine
> clone this repository, you need git installed in your machine ¡ how to install link [![GIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=red)](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git)
>> In your local machine open some cmd, bash etc command line tool. Located where you will have your local repository. You can navigate with cd somepath/mydirectory etc.
```bash
git glone https://github.com/raulcv/trpc-todo.git
```

### For backend API 
> Enter to your  local repository created with git clone
```bash
cd trpc-todo 
```

> Install NPM Dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

> create a .env or you can created it manually into your project folder
```bash
touch .env
```

Into .env file copy from envtext.txt file included, and change with your own credentials

Run the tRPC API on dev mode
```bash
npm run dev
```
Open your browser and type localhost:3000/

### For react frontend APP 
> Go to trpc-client
```bash
cd trpc-client
```

> Install NPM Dependencies for client app
```bash
npm install
```

Finally run the React APP on dev mode 🤪
```bash
npm run dev
```

Open your browser and type localhost:3007/

#
<p align="center">
	With :heart: by <a href="https://www.raulcv.com" target="_blank">raulcv</a>
</p>

#
<h3 align="center">🤗 If you found helpful this repo, let me a star  or ... 🐣</h3>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/iraulcv" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/default-orange.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" height="41" width="174"></a>
</p>
